packages/server/README.md, before:

# Server (@app/server)

This is a back-end server which provides data access and business logic to the front-end applications.

## Structure

| Directory | Description                 |
| --------- | --------------------------- |
| config    | Configuration               |
| db        | Database utilities          |
| express   | Express application         |
| graphql   | Apollo GraphQL              |
| logger    | Logging utility             |
| models    | Database models             |
| modules   | Server functionality        |
| resolvers | GraphQL resolvers           |
| types     | Custom types and interfaces |

## Config

Configuration of any sort is provided via constants and environment variables that are located in the `~/config` directory.

- Check `.env.config` to see how environment variables are/should be set
- Check `~/config/env` to see how environment variables are configured

## Database

Database utilites are located in the `~/db` directory.

| Utility    | Description                   |
| ---------- | ----------------------------- |
| tasks      | Database initialization tasks |
| connect    | Database connection           |
| error      | Custom error implementation   |
| initialize | Database initializer          |
| repository | Entity manager (CRUD)         |

- Database connection URI is set via `DB_URI` environment variable
- Database initialization tasks can be configured via `DB_INIT` environment variable:
  - Tasks: `reset`, `seed`, `mock`, `migrate`
  - Initializer looks for the tasks to be executed
  - See `~/db/initialize` for more details

## Express

- Custom Express middlewares are/should be located at `~/express/middlewares`

## GraphQL

- Custom GraphQL scalars are/should be located at `~/graphql/scalars`
- Custom GraphQL middlewares are/should be located at `~/graphql/middlewares`
- Apollo Server can be configured via environment variables starting with `GQL_`
- Apollo Studio can be configured via environment variable `APOLLO_KEY`

### Auth Checker

Queries and mutation can be authorized by user roles:

```ts
@Authorized() // can be executed by only logged in users
@Authorized([]) // can be executed by only logged in users
@Authorized([UserRole.ADMIN]) // can be executed only by admins
```

Auth checker can be enabled/disabled via environment variable `GQL_AUTH`:

| Config                               | Description                          |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| false                                | Disabled                             |
| true (default)                       | Enabled                              |
| user roles as comma-separated values | Enabled only for the specified roles |

## Logger

Logger is a custom console API that provides conditional logging and the capability of storing logs in various environments which is located in the `~/logger` directory.

```ts
const logger = Logger.create({
  // Origin
  src: 'my-module',
  // Save log messages to the files (my-module_<date#yyyymmdd>.log)
  // if the log level of the message is error and below
  file: 'error',
  // Print log messages to the console
  // if the log level of the message is debug and below
  level: 'debug'
})
```

Below methods can be used for logging in addition to the standard console methods (debug, error, info, warn, trace):

- **fatal**: For critical errors
- **success**: For success messages
- **todo**: For todo messages
- **newline**: For printing new lines to the console

### Levels

| Level   | Severity | Description      |
| ------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| off     | 0        | Silent mode      |
| fatal   | 1        | Critical errors  |
| error   | 2        | Errors           |
| success | 3        | Success messages |
| info    | 4        | Info messages    |
| warn    | 5        | Warnings         |
| todo    | 6        | To-do messages   |
| debug   | 7        | Debugging        |
| trace   | 8        | Tracing          |

### Storage

- [ ] db: saves logs to the database
- [x] file: saves logs in the filesystem
- [ ] remote: sends logs to a remote server

## Models

Database/business models (entities and embed documents) can be located in the `~/models` directory.

| Directory   | Description                   |
| ----------- | ----------------------------- |
| embed       | Embed models for the entities |
| entity      | Database entities             |
| entity/base | Base entity                   |
| entity/log  | Log entity                    |
| entity/user | User entity                   |

Network models:

| Directory      | Description                        |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| entity/antenna | Antenna                            |
| entity/parent  | Base model for topological parents |
| entity/bsc     | BSC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/rnc     | RNC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/tac     | TAC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/lac     | LAC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/site    | Base station                       |
| entity/cell    | Base model for cells               |
| entity/cell2g  | 2G cell (derived from entity/cell) |
| entity/cell3g  | 3G cell (derived from entity/cell) |
| entity/cell4g  | 4G cell (derived from entity/cell) |

Network Topology:

- Parent: BSC/RNC/TAC
  - Site
    - Cell: Cell2G, Cell3G, Cell4G

Embed models

- should be located in their own directory under `~/models/embed`
- should use `EmbedModel` (`~/models/embed/options.ts`)

Entity models

- should be located in their own directory under `~/models/entity`
- should be derived from the base entity (`~/models/entity/base`)
- should use `EntityModel` (`~/models/entity/options.ts`)

Structure:

| File    | Description                                    |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| const   | Default values and other constants             |
| enum    | Enumerations                                   |
| input   | Input models for queries                       |
| type    | The object model - represented in the database |
| types   | Types and interfaces                           |
| utility | Utilities related to the model (e.g. DTOs)     |

## Modules

Modules which are located in the `~/modules` directory extend the functionality of the server.

| Module | Description             |
| ------ | ----------------------- |
| fs     | File system and uploads |

## Resolvers

GraphQL resolvers which are located in the `~/resolvers` directory, provide data to the front-end applications via GraphQL queries, mutations and subscriptions.

Built-in resolvers:

| Resolver | Description            |
| -------- | ---------------------- |
| common   | API for non-model data |

Commit message:

feat(server): add auth resolver

packages/server/README.md, after:

# Server (@app/server)

This is a back-end server which provides data access and business logic to the front-end applications.

## Structure

| Directory | Description                 |
| --------- | --------------------------- |
| config    | Configuration               |
| db        | Database utilities          |
| express   | Express application         |
| graphql   | Apollo GraphQL              |
| logger    | Logging utility             |
| models    | Database models             |
| modules   | Server functionality        |
| resolvers | GraphQL resolvers           |
| types     | Custom types and interfaces |

## Config

Configuration of any sort is provided via constants and environment variables that are located in the `~/config` directory.

- Check `.env.config` to see how environment variables are/should be set
- Check `~/config/env` to see how environment variables are configured

## Database

Database utilites are located in the `~/db` directory.

| Utility    | Description                   |
| ---------- | ----------------------------- |
| tasks      | Database initialization tasks |
| connect    | Database connection           |
| error      | Custom error implementation   |
| initialize | Database initializer          |
| repository | Entity manager (CRUD)         |

- Database connection URI is set via `DB_URI` environment variable
- Database initialization tasks can be configured via `DB_INIT` environment variable:
  - Tasks: `reset`, `seed`, `mock`, `migrate`
  - Initializer looks for the tasks to be executed
  - See `~/db/initialize` for more details

## Express

- Custom Express middlewares are/should be located at `~/express/middlewares`

## GraphQL

- Custom GraphQL scalars are/should be located at `~/graphql/scalars`
- Custom GraphQL middlewares are/should be located at `~/graphql/middlewares`
- Apollo Server can be configured via environment variables starting with `GQL_`
- Apollo Studio can be configured via environment variable `APOLLO_KEY`

### Auth Checker

Queries and mutation can be authorized by user roles:

```ts
@Authorized() // can be executed by only logged in users
@Authorized([]) // can be executed by only logged in users
@Authorized([UserRole.ADMIN]) // can be executed only by admins
```

Auth checker can be enabled/disabled via environment variable `GQL_AUTH`:

| Config                               | Description                          |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| false                                | Disabled                             |
| true (default)                       | Enabled                              |
| user roles as comma-separated values | Enabled only for the specified roles |

## Logger

Logger is a custom console API that provides conditional logging and the capability of storing logs in various environments which is located in the `~/logger` directory.

```ts
const logger = Logger.create({
  // Origin
  src: 'my-module',
  // Save log messages to the files (my-module_<date#yyyymmdd>.log)
  // if the log level of the message is error and below
  file: 'error',
  // Print log messages to the console
  // if the log level of the message is debug and below
  level: 'debug'
})
```

Below methods can be used for logging in addition to the standard console methods (debug, error, info, warn, trace):

- **fatal**: For critical errors
- **success**: For success messages
- **todo**: For todo messages
- **newline**: For printing new lines to the console

### Levels

| Level   | Severity | Description      |
| ------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| off     | 0        | Silent mode      |
| fatal   | 1        | Critical errors  |
| error   | 2        | Errors           |
| success | 3        | Success messages |
| info    | 4        | Info messages    |
| warn    | 5        | Warnings         |
| todo    | 6        | To-do messages   |
| debug   | 7        | Debugging        |
| trace   | 8        | Tracing          |

### Storage

- [ ] db: saves logs to the database
- [x] file: saves logs in the filesystem
- [ ] remote: sends logs to a remote server

## Models

Database/business models (entities and embed documents) can be located in the `~/models` directory.

| Directory   | Description                   |
| ----------- | ----------------------------- |
| embed       | Embed models for the entities |
| entity      | Database entities             |
| entity/base | Base entity                   |
| entity/log  | Log entity                    |
| entity/user | User entity                   |

Network models:

| Directory      | Description                        |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| entity/antenna | Antenna                            |
| entity/parent  | Base model for topological parents |
| entity/bsc     | BSC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/rnc     | RNC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/tac     | TAC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/lac     | LAC (derived from entity/parent)   |
| entity/site    | Base station                       |
| entity/cell    | Base model for cells               |
| entity/cell2g  | 2G cell (derived from entity/cell) |
| entity/cell3g  | 3G cell (derived from entity/cell) |
| entity/cell4g  | 4G cell (derived from entity/cell) |

Network Topology:

- Parent: BSC/RNC/TAC
  - Site
    - Cell: Cell2G, Cell3G, Cell4G

Embed models

- should be located in their own directory under `~/models/embed`
- should use `EmbedModel` (`~/models/embed/options.ts`)

Entity models

- should be located in their own directory under `~/models/entity`
- should be derived from the base entity (`~/models/entity/base`)
- should use `EntityModel` (`~/models/entity/options.ts`)

Structure:

| File    | Description                                    |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| const   | Default values and other constants             |
| enum    | Enumerations                                   |
| input   | Input models for queries                       |
| type    | The object model - represented in the database |
| types   | Types and interfaces                           |
| utility | Utilities related to the model (e.g. DTOs)     |

## Modules

Modules which are located in the `~/modules` directory extend the functionality of the server.

| Module | Description                      |
| ------ | -------------------------------- |
| auth   | Authentication and authorization |
| fs     | File system and uploads          |

## Resolvers

GraphQL resolvers which are located in the `~/resolvers` directory, provide data to the front-end applications via GraphQL queries, mutations and subscriptions.

Built-in resolvers:

| Resolver | Description            |
| -------- | ---------------------- |
| auth     | Authentication API     |
| common   | API for non-model data |
